
# Back To The Future
## Problem Statement
Poor Marty McFly once again became a victim of his mad and eccentric scientist friend Emmett "Doc" Brown. This time Doc invented a time machine which he experimented on Marty, resulting in him being sent back k number of days into the past. Marty found himself stuck in the past, waiting for k days to pass in order to return to the present.

However, Marty saw this as an opportunity to make the most of his situation. He possessed knowledge of stock prices in the stock market and the corresponding profits they would generate if invested in. The catch was that Marty had to wait for one day to generate the profits from a stock before he could invest in another stock. His broker only allowed him to invest in one stock per day, with a holding period of one day per stock. It meant that Marty couldn't reinvest in a stock once he had already invested in it.

Marty has an array of prices of n stocks, where price[i] denotes the price of the ith stock to buy, and an array of profits of size n, where profit[i] denotes the profit generated after a day of investing in the ith stock. Marty initially has a funds of f to invest.

The problem is to determine the maximum profit Marty can generate by strategically investing in the stocks given the constraints.
## Input Format
The first line contains an integer k which denotes number of days into the past, the second line contains the integer f which denotes initial fund that Marty has, third line contains size of the price array i.e. n. The following n lines contain price of each stock. The following line contains size of the profit array i.e. n. The following n lines contains profit generated by each stock after a day
## Output Format
total fund
## Constraints
1 < k <= 10^5
0 <= f <= 10^7
profit.length = price.length = n
1 <= n <= 10^5
1<= profit[i] <= 10^4
0 <= price[i] <= 10^7
## Sample Testcases

### Input 1
```
2
0
3
0
1
1
3
1
2
3
```
### Output 1
```
4
```
### Explanation 1
In this example, Marty has initial funds as 0. So he can only buy stocks which needs zero investment which is at the Oth index stock. He generated profit 1 from it which adds to his fund which becomes 1. Then he bought stock at index 2 and not 1st indexed stock since both have same price but profit generated by the 2nd indexed stock is more. So he generated a profit of 3 and now the funds become 4. Since he was sent 2 days in the past to maximize his funds to 4.
    
### Input 2
```
2
3
3
5
3
1
2
2
```
### Output 2
```
7
```

    
    